This is my attempt at an HTML version of chapters 5 and 6 of the book
"The Art of the Metaobject Protocol".

There is already an HTML version available, created by Howard
R. Stearns.  However, while the original text is freely available,
that HTML version is copyright 1997 by Elwood Corporation, and
permission is granted to make and distribute copies, but only as long
as the copies are complete and unmodified.

Since I wanted a more useful document, and in particular I wanted a
document in which references to "The CLOS specification" were turned
in to hypertext links, I decided to create a new HTML version.  This
version respects the desire of the authors of "The Art of the
Metaobject Protocol" so that you have the same rights to this HTML
version as the authors granted with respect to chapters 5 and 6 of the
book.

As it turns out, the modifications I want are hard to accomplish
automatically, which is why I am creating this HTML version "manually"
(as supposed to automatically from TeX sources).  It is only slightly
more time consuming to do it manually than to create a conversion
program.  However, this means that there might be mistakes in the
process.  For that reason, I solicit corrections and improvements from
anyone who is interested.

I am particularly interested in improvements in the form of better
HTML markup (for instance tags with better attributes to simplify an
ultimate CSS), and in improvements in navigation.  I would also like
to include an "issues" section in each node, because there are several
issues such as incompatibility with the HyperSpec, and incompatibility
with the rest of the book.


